fix: updated syntax to match other filters (#362)
openedx/openedx-filters: CHANGELOG.rst

----------
.. scriv-insert-here

[3.4.1] - 2026-05-26

> Changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed
~~~~~~~
```

> * Updated ``InstructorDashboardTabsRequested`` to match rul_filter return pattern of other filters. by @holaontiveros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated ``InstructorDashboardTabsRequested`` to match the ``run_filter`` return pattern of other filters. by @holaontiveros
```
